Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[laughter]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[woman]
Light another one.
I feel sexy.
[woman giggles]
[man 1]
Shh. I spook easily.
Oh. Christ.
who dropped the chicken?
I would have eaten that.
[man 2]
Yeah.
It was foul.
[all laugh]
[man 1]
The fowl was foul?
Oh. shit.
The fowl was foul.
And the fair was fair.
-The fowl is fair.
-The fair is foul.
My ass hurts.
I don'’t think that one works.
[all giggle]
-She'’s having a spell.
-[man 1] God. so dramatic.
[no audio]
[indistinct chatter]
[Doug]
...The tip of that mountain
is going to go right
into a customer'’s mouth
and make him happy.
Pat. Pat.
Okay. let'’s try it again.
but follow through this time
with that pretty little wrist
of yours.
Well. let'’s hope 13'’s a charm.
Spin and pump. Spin and pump.
Yes.
Now that is a honey
of a cone.
Mr. McBeth.
Come out here and get a look
at your wife'’s beautiful cones.
I'’m so proud of you.
I love your cones. baby.
[all grunt]
[marching band playing]
[spectators shouting
and cheering]
Norm Duncan. Is that you?
Come down to visit
the little people. huh?
Hi. Joan. I'’ll just take
a hot cocoa.
Oh. Coming right up.
Damn this cocoa.
Damn this cocoa!
We'’re out of cocoa. Norm.
[Malcolm]
Scotland sucks!
[Norm]
Malcolm!
What are you doing here?
Just watching Donald'’s team
getting their ass kicked.
Excuse me. Joan.
Why aren'’t you at the
restaurant?
You'’re supposed to be working.
Doug said I could split.
Place was dead.
[Norm]
I specifically told Douglas
-to keep you on today.
-Dad. there were no customers.
I'’m gonna need you and your
brother to go there with me
after the game--
You hear me. Malcolm?
Oh. that young man'’s
just crying out for a new mama.
[sizzling]
[laughs]
[door chime jingles]
How are you doing?
Malcolm. go help Douglas
at the counter.
And. Donald.
just bus some trays.
[whispering]
Check this out.
Uh-oh.
Doug?
Oh.
Doug!
[door chime jingles]
[applause]
♪ Walking down this rocky road ♪
♪ Wondering where my life
Is leading ♪
[Pat]
That is complete bullshit. Mac.
and you know it.
You just don'’t give
a rat'’s ass.
-I give a rat'’s ass.
-No. you don'’t.
I give a rat'’s--
Hey. Jimmy McMann.
We'’re kind of in the middle
of something here.
You know. I was just saying
to my Helen the other night
what a looker
that Pat McBeth is.
Well. that must'’ve
went over well.
Hey. Jimmy. you know.
if you could go up to the bar.
buy us a couple more beers.
bring them back here
and then walk away.
that would be a little slice
of heaven.
Jesus. Pat. the guy
was just a little drunk.
-And you sit doing nothing.
-What am I supposed to do?
You don'’t get it. Mac.
You don'’t get it.
I spend eight hours a day
kissing up to that
supreme moron. Douglas McFuck.
following his order to say
"Have a nice day"
to every customer.
-Every fucking customer.
-I know!
You know. you'’re the one
running that place.
and we live in a truck.
We'’re just lucky we know
the goddamn bartender.
How do you think I feel?
Look. Pat. I am going
to talk to Duncan. you know?
-But I'’m waiting--
-Mac. I'’m going to go home.
I'’m tired.
Besides. I heard this story
before. It kind of bores me.
And don'’t get in Banko'’s truck.
He can'’t form
a fucking sentence.
What'’s wrong with Pat?
We had a little fight.
About Doug.
Who'’s Doug?
Jesus. Banko. Doug.
Fucking Doug McKenna.
our manager.
Probably a little confusing
for you.
because I'’m usually
doing his job.
[sighs]
And he never gets caught.
What?
He never gets caught.
Banko. do you think
you'’re still having
your conversation
at the bar?
Because now you'’re at a table.
see?
And we have to start
our own conversation.
A new one.
I'’m just saying he never
gets caught stealing.
You'’ve seen Doug steal?
Yeah. all the time.
He steals money.
Of course.
[country music playing]
-[song stops]
-[record needle scratches]
[bluesy rock music plays]
Tell me everything.
♪ A company ♪
♪ Always on the run ♪
[engine starts]
♪ Destiny ♪
♪ Oh. it'’s the rising sun ♪
♪ I was born ♪
Good night. Banko.
[Banko mumbles]
♪ Behind the gun ♪
♪ I'’ll make my final stand ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ That'’s why they call me ♪
[thunder crashes]
♪ Bad company ♪
♪ I can'’t deny ♪
♪ Till the day I die ♪
-Mac?
-Yeah.
-Beth?
-Mac.
[Jesse]
Beth.
[Hector]
Mac. Fleetwood.
-Mac...
-...ramé.
[gasps]
I love macramé.
Sí. Sí.
-You know. I made you something.
-Really?
Yeah. it'’s a little macramé...
-[Hector] What?
-[Jesse] ...thing.
Hey. Mac.
Would you like
some wacky tobaccy...
Macky?
No. I'’m pretty drunk already.
Really? You don'’t seem drunk.
[Hector] Next time you should
go home with the wife. Mac.
[Jesse]
Or any loved one.
Love the one you'’re with.
Love the one
you'’re with.
Are you guys together?
-[both] Ha!
-He wishes.
No. our girlfriend'’s here.
Come on. she wants
to tell your fortune.
-How did you know my name?
-Wait. your name really is Mac?
That'’s weird. I thought we were
just saying it like you say it.
Like. Yeah.
"Watch your step. Mac."
-Or. "Up Yours. Mac."
-Or. "Fuck off. Mac."
-I can'’t think of another one.
-Oh. that'’s all right.
Here we are.
-Hi. Mac.
-[door closes]
Sit down.
[Mac]
All right.
[Jesse]
Anthony!
-Anthony!
-[giggles]
-[both] Anthony!
-I'’m going to go home.
You know why?
Because this is a little weird.
[in man'’s voice]
Sit down. Mac!
You haven'’t been very happy.
have you. Mac?
[in normal voice] Failure'’s cute
in your twenties. isn'’t it?
Even though you ain'’t got money.
she'’s so in love with you.
honey.
[inhales sharply]
[sighs]
[hiccups]
[in man'’s voice] Not so cute
in your thirties.
[in normal voice]
Now honey wants the money.
And there'’s no reason
to stop now.
Screw management.
You can do better.
Don'’t you think
you deserve better?
she deserves better?
Yeah.
-What is this?
-[Stacy] Shh! I see a bank.
A Spanish bank?
El Banko.
You mean Banko?
He'’s not a...not a bank.
He'’s a friend of mine.
Anthony Bankoni.
Banko.
-Anthony!
[blows]
-Sounds Italian.
-[Stacy] Wait.
It'’s not a bank.
It'’s a restaurant
with an intercom.
Interesting.
It fooled me.
because it looks like a bank
with a drive-thru teller.
[in man'’s voice]
For food?
How convenient.
But can you still make deposits?
What are you talking about?
[gasps]
Sorry. Time'’s up for today. Mac.
-Huh?
-Can'’t be late for my 3:00.
In the morning?
♪ Baby ♪
♪ When I think about you ♪
♪ I think about love ♪
[whispering]
Jesus.
♪ Darling ♪
[Norm] As far as I'’m concerned.
Malcolm.
we finished this conversation
a long time ago.
No. Dad. we didn'’t.
You did. You began it.
You said a lot of unreasonable
stuff in the middle of it
then you fucking ended it.
You will not talk
to me like that.
What. you'’re actually
listening to me?
What is that supposed to mean?
You don'’t listen
to either one of us.
Did you know Donald doesn'’t like
football?
He only plays
because you make him.
Of course he likes football.
All young men like football.
♪ I learned the truth at 17 ♪
♪ That love was meant
For beauty queens ♪
♪ And high school girls ♪
♪ With clear-skinned smiles ♪
♪ Who married young
And then retired ♪
[Malcolm] I don'’t want to
take over your restaurant. Dad.
I'’m in a great band.
and we rock.
For Pete'’s sakes. I don'’t even
know what that means.
What am I supposed
to say to people?
Malcolm'’s not here.
he'’s out rocking?
I mean. you sound like
Scotland trash.
[Malcolm] Why don'’t you just
sell the place?
All you do is sit
in the back all day and sleep.
I sleep because I am tired
from working. young man.
Which I happen to be
late for right now
because of this nonsense.
Now you'’re on schedule for 5:00.
We can finish this then.
And I'’m not going
to say this again:
hairnet or haircut.
-[volume turned up]
-♪ Feel like making... ♪
-[Pat] Doug steals every day?
-[Mac] That'’s what Banko says.
He just fills his pockets
with order slips and cash.
Fucking Banko.
That is a fucking miracle.
Why didn'’t he say anything?
Well. he didn'’t want to rat.
You want to play new manager
and bad counter girl?
Oh!
[Pat] You wanted to see me.
Mr. McBeth?
♪ Well. I feel like
Making love ♪
[turns volume up]
♪ Well. I feel like
Making love ♪
[mellow song turned off]
♪ ...feel like making love ♪
Ha. ha.
I hate him.
-No. you don'’t.
-No. I do.
I wish he was dead.
Malcolm...
He just drives me nuts.
that'’s all.
["Shooting Star" plays]
[laughs]
Rock block.
♪ Johnny was a schoolboy... ♪
[groans]
Rock block.
[both moan]
♪ And from then it didn'’t
Take him long ♪
[laughing]
♪ Got himself a guitar ♪
♪ Used to play every night ♪
♪ Now he'’s in
A rock '’n'’ roll outfit ♪
♪ And everything'’s all right ♪
♪ Don'’t you know ♪
What happened?
[coins clatter]
[door chime jingles]
Pat. I'’m so embarrassed
in front of you.
I know that you'’re really
the only person
that really cared about me.
What-- What is it?
Oh.
I was just thinking
how I'’ve never...
heard anyone say something so...
wrong.
If I were you...
Let me get that for you.
...I would take pride
in the fact
that I could actually
dress myself on a daily basis.
You are one dumb fuck. Douglas.
[chimes jingle]
[inaudible]
[Norm] Can you believe
we never did this before?
That it took
this tragic incident.
I realized today
that you have been making
some wonderful suggestions that
I really haven'’t appreciated.
I'’m ready to get serious about
your traveling french fry truck.
And his little chicken pieces
with the dipping sauce?
Well. let'’s not get crazy now.
I am in the business
to make money. little lady.
Tonight. you two are going
to witness history.
I know what people say.
Well. they think. you know.
that I'’m crazy.
selling all my doughnut shops.
They think that I can'’t--
They think that I can'’t run
a burger place.
-Oh. no.
-No. They don'’t. No.
They don'’t.
I'’m going to let you both in
on a secret.
No one knows.
No one.
Follow me.
Isn'’t that exciting?
What is it?
A blueprint.
I made it myself.
-Did you really?
-Yeah.
Come on. Come on.
This is perfect.
Hey there. mister.
now wait a minute.
You are not going to let
your poor exhausted wife
drive home after such an awful
day at work?
No. I'’m not.
[laughs]
Oh.
[Pat clears throat]
Now that'’s perfect.
Hey there. hands on the wheel.
you reckless driver.
All right. now...
[clears throat]
It'’s 5:00.
You'’re both tired.
[yawns]
[yawning]
You'’re discussing
what you should do for dinner.
Mac. what should we do
for dinner?
-I don'’t know.
-Well...
you don'’t feel like
cooking tonight.
You'’re too tired.
I don'’t feel like
cooking tonight.
I'’m too tired.
And I...
-I don'’t feel like eating out.
-...don'’t feel like eating.
Now. you could get takeout.
but the lines are always
so long. and it'’s so hot.
I don'’t even feel like
getting out of the car.
You got a long one there.
We...we could get takeout.
but the lines are always
so long and it'’s so hot.
I don'’t even feel like
getting out of the car.
That'’s very good. Patsy.
Thank you.
Well. why don'’t we drive-thru?
Drive through what?
All right now.
you'’re on your way to your
favorite restaurant. Duncan'’s.
And you pull in.
but you keep on going around
to the back. because...
Whoa. whoa! What'’s this?
Well. there'’s a little booth
back there.
and it'’s connected
to the restaurant.
It'’s got a big window on it.
And you roll down
your car window.
and you give somebody your order
right from your car.
Window to window.
They turn around.
give it to the kitchen.
Pay your money. get your food.
you'’re on your way.
The fastest takeout in town.
In the country. In the world.
Duncan'’s. home of
the world famous drive-thru.
You don'’t need a booth.
What'’s that?
[Mac] You don'’t need the booth
in the back.
You use an intercom.
The customer drives up.
talks into a speaker that'’s
connected inside the restaurant.
It'’s faster.
It'’s more efficient.
-Mac.
-An intercom?
It'’s the future. Norm.
Huh.
Mac'’s intercom idea.
Oh. my God. I'’m going to be
rolling in it!
Hey. this calls
for some more Riunite.
And I know where
there'’s one more bottle.
Oh. I can'’t stand it anymore.
The wine can wait.
Hey. Mac. I'’m proud
to announce...
that after today'’s
strange turn of events.
I am ready to make you the new
assistant manager of Duncan'’s.
Malcolm'’s going to need
all the help he can get.
I'’ll go get the cups.
I can'’t think of anybody
better qualified to assist him.
Congratulations.
I'’ll get the wine.
[Norm] I am quite
the Chatty Cathy tonight. huh?
Yeah.
Whoa. easy there. Macky.
-[grunts]
-Got it.
Oh. my God.
Hey. good for you.
Good for you.
I just wish I saw it.
Jesus. Pat.
I didn'’t hit him. all right?
I couldn'’t get the wine
out of the fridge.
and the door...
I don'’t know.
but I don'’t think
he'’s breathing.
[whispering]
What?
I think he'’s dead.
Order up!
[groans]
We have to do it tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Pat. what are we talking about?
Before he starts shooting his
mouth off about the drive-thru.
-We have something tomorrow.
-What?
-Banko'’s birthday.
-Shit!
Pat...
what are we doing?
We'’re coming to our
fucking senses.
that'’s what we'’re doing.
It was like I could read
your mind in there.
I knew exactly
what you were thinking.
I didn'’t know
what I was thinking. Pat.
Mac. look at me.
Yes. you did.
You did.
Douglas was nothing.
We have to aim higher.
We can'’t exactly get Norm fired.
now can we?
I knew about the drive-thru.
Of course you did.
Of course.
Finally. finally
he'’s going to use
some of your ideas.
and what do we get?
I'’m the fucking
assistant manager'’s wife?
-I didn'’t tell him--
-Listen to me. Listen to me.
Robberies...
go bad all the time.
and...
accidents happen.
We'’re not bad people. Mac.
We'’re just...
underachievers that have
to make up for lost time.
Pat...
Don'’t you think you deserve it.
Mac?
[whispering]
Huh? Don'’t you?
-Huh?
-Yeah.
[Pat]
Yeah.
[both moan softly]
Now all we need
is the combination to the safe.
and it'’ll look
more like a robbery.
We can get some
starting-out money.
Fuck! Fuckety fuck!
Oh. it'’s Andy. It'’s just Andy.
Hey. Andy.
How'’s it going?
You two are still like
a couple of teenagers.
[Mac. chuckling]
Where are you living?
[Andy]
In back of McLeary'’s garage.
Joe'’s putting me up.
-Joey'’s a nice...
-Tell Joey we say hi.
Okay. I'’ll give you two back
your privacy.
This town is too fucking small.
[dice rattling]
-Yahtzee.
-Jesus. Banko.
That'’s a shitload
of Yahtzees.
[Joan]
You'’re a terrific player.
[Banko]
Thanks. I usually just think.
"Wouldn'’t it be great
to get a Yahtzee right now?"
And then sometimes I get it.
Sometimes I don'’t.
You'’re up. Pat.
Mac. you sound awful.
[sneezes loudly]
Yeah. see.
I have to take him home.
-[coughing]
-He'’s fine.
I don'’t think he is.
He'’s sick. Look at him.
He just needs another shot.
Mac. you want do a shot?
I think that might help.
Yeah. better call it a night.
[Pat]
Yup.
Oh. hey. there'’s Peg.
She made it.
My neighbor. Peg.
[all]
Hey. Hi. Peg.
We thought you were
pulling a double.
I'’m in the middle of it.
What do you think this is.
my Yahtzee outfit?
[laughs]
Oh. hey. Mac isn'’t feeling well.
Maybe you could see
if he has a fever...
Oh. no. I...
Sorry.
I'’ll be right back.
Whose turn is it?
[crickets chirping]
What?
This place gives me
the creeps.
Excuse me. can I get
some more ketchup?
Oh. no problem.
[door chimes jingle]
Careful driving.
Wake up. Dad.
I'’m quitting.
Oh. is it 10:00 already?
No. it'’s not quitting time.
I'’m just quitting.
It'’s over. I'’m done.
Oh. no. now. wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I thought we had a deal.
Your deal sucks. Dad.
I can'’t stand this
fucking place.
Mrs. Lenox. thank you.
You can go now.
What is it. young man.
that is so important tonight
that you'’re acting
like a spoiled--
I told you.
I have to go jam.
[Norm] I see. jamming is more
important than making a living?
[Malcolm] This isn'’t making
a living. This is a nightmare.
[air whirring]
I'’m sure he'’ll be right out.
I told him was gonna come down
with something the way he...
Oh. here he comes.
Do I have a fever?
Oh. my God.
You'’re burning up.
[sighs]
I had quite a fever.
didn'’t I. baby?
Oh. you are giving me
a fucking fever.
You were brilliant.
[Mac]
Oh. shit. Malcolm.
[Pat]
Are you sure?
-Yeah.
-Did he see us?
I doubt it.
He was going pretty fast.
But Norm must'’ve
closed up early.
Go. Mac. go.
-I don'’t want to talk to him.
-I know.
I just...
I don'’t want to talk to him.
-You don'’t have to.
-I don'’t?
No.
You just have to kill him.
♪ One. two ♪
♪ One. two. three. four ♪
[turns radio volume up]
Yahtzee!
♪ Well. I take
Whatever I want ♪
♪ And. baby. I want you ♪
♪ You give me
Something I need ♪
♪ Now tell me
I got something for you ♪
♪ Come on. come on
Come on and do it ♪
♪ Come on and do
What you do ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ Huh ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ I can'’t get
Enough of your love ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ Well. it'’s late
And I want love ♪
♪ Love that'’s gonna break me
In two ♪
♪ Don'’t hang me up
In your doorway ♪
♪ Don'’t hang me up like you do ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Come on. come on
Come on and do it ♪
♪ Come on. come on-- ♪
Oh! Oh!
[groaning]
Oh. Pat. Mac.
Thank God.
Somebody just hit me
on the head.
[groaning]
Oh. my God. There he is.
Right there.
-Oh!
-[body thuds]
Oh. my God. It'’s perfect.
Perfect.
Mac. what are you doing?
He was getting up.
Christ. we need
the combination.
I told you I did not want
to talk to him.
-Well. he needs to talk to us.
-Sorry.
-Very sorry.
-I'’m sorry.
No. it'’s all right.
-[sighs]
-Hey. hey.
You did really good
with the last hit.
[band playing]
[laughing]
You have a wonderful tan.
Oh. thank you.
I own a salon on Main Street.
When a Tan Loves a Woman.
♪ '’Cause ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ I got to tell you. baby ♪
♪ Yeah. I love you so much ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ I love you so much ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ I can'’t get
Enough of your love ♪
♪ I can'’t get enough
Of your love ♪
♪ Yeah. this woman
This woman ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Oh. come on. baby ♪
♪ Come on and give it now ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[Pat]
What are you doing?
He won'’t give me
the combination.
Well...
Well. take the fucking gag off.
-Oh. God! I'’m sorry.
-Jesus.
Mac.
I know you don'’t do this
every day.
and I think you are doing
a fucking excellent job. okay?
[Mac]
Okay.
But the thing is.
it'’s late and we need
the goddamned safe open.
-I know.
-Okay. good.
-Pat?
-Yeah?
I don'’t think I can do it.
Yes. you can.
All you have to do--
No. no. no I mean I don'’t think
I can do it.
Okay. Well...
we'’re just going to take it
one step at a time. okay?
-Okay.
-Okay?
And right now...
all we need
is the combination...
and then you can put
the gag right back on.
-[Mac] Yeah.
-[Pat] And Mac?
-[Mac] Yeah?
-[Pat] It'’s not even going to be
like a real conversation.
because he'’s just going to be
saying numbers. okay?
-Okay.
-Good.
[whispering]
Norm is escaping. Go get him.
Oh.
You just got here. man.
[Malcolm]
I'’m sorry.
What the fuck?
[muffled protests]
All right. Okay.
I'’m going to take
this gag off.
And all I want to hear
is three numbers. okay?
If I don'’t. you are going to be
one big. ugly french fry.
Mm. mm-hmm.
-Why?
-That'’s it!
Aah! 24-12-30!
24-12-30!
[Pat]
24-12-30...
Ow.
It worked!
[Mac]
Oh. thank God!
Holy shit.
Two points. Slam dunk.
[both scream]
-What?
-[splash]
-[sizzling]
-Ouch! Shit!
[sizzling]
[dice clatters]
Yahtzee.
Yah...
[oil bubbling]
It'’s all over.
You did it.
[laughs]
You did it. Mac.
And you were amazing.
Mac. it'’s done.
It can'’t be undone.
[whispers]
Come here.
[Mac]
I'’m sorry. Pat.
Sorry I lost it.
We should get out of here.
How'’s your hand?
[Pat] I'’m fine.
It'’s just a little burn.
Okay.
[sighs]
The lines are so long.
and it'’s so hot.
I don'’t even feel like
getting out of the car.
Shouldn'’t we
get out of here?
Why don'’t we. uh...
drive-thru?
[pounding on door]
[oil bubbling and sizzling]
[jiggles doorknob]
[Malcolm]
Hey. Dad!
[knocking on door]
Come on. Dad. wake up.
I'’m sorry. okay?
Would you just wake the fuck up?
[knocking continuous]
Come on!
Loser.
[car door slams]
[tires screech]
Holy moly.
Oh!
[woman sobbing]
[indistinct murmurs]
How long can that go on?
I don'’t know.
[scoffs]
That'’s it. That'’s it.
Get over there
and do something about it.
-What do you want me to do?
-I don'’t know.
Take her into a room
or something.
She'’s scaring the children.
And. you know.
not one person
has looked over at me
since we got here.
And I deserve a fucking Oscar
for this performance.
God. Low class.
I can'’t stand low class
at a fucking funeral.
[Pat]
I don'’t know what it is.
I guess he was kind of like a
father figure to me.
Yeah.
I just wish I could'’ve told him.
you know?
We never say...
[sighs and sniffles]
...the things we want to say
until it'’s just too late.
[sniffles]
Too damn late.
What. did you burn yourself?
What?
Yes. I burnt myself
at work the other day.
Yeah. I think you were there.
Banko.
I mean. uh...oh. no.
you weren'’t there.
-He wasn'’t there.
-No. he was not.
He was not. He was not.
[man]
Mr. and Mrs. McBeth?
Yeah?
Lieutenant McDuff.
Ernie.
I'’m working the case.
[Pat]
Oh!
Great.
I'’m Pat.
and this is Joe.
Everybody just calls me Mac.
-That'’s Banko.
-I'’ve spoken to Mr. Bankoni.
Oh. great.
I'’m here to drop off my cards.
which are on the coffee table
next to my wife'’s baba ghanoush.
Your wife'’s what?
Baba ghanoush.
It'’s a vegetarian dish.
Sounds scary.
but it'’s good.
-You a vegetarian?
-Yup.
-And your wife?
-My wife?
She'’s vegetarian?
Oh. yeah.
Whole family. You?
No.
They called me in
because the Scotland PD
is a bit understaffed
for this kind of thing.
and I'’ll tell you.
they'’re not kidding.
These guys take turns
sharing the bullet.
They only got one bullet?
Well. we don'’t have a lot
of crime in Scotland.
[McDuff] Wouldn'’t it be nice
if it was like that everywhere?
Then you'’d be out of a job.
It'’s not all
it'’s cracked up to be.
Try working the restaurant
business.
[McDuff]
I wish.
Working the grill.
frying the fries.
helping hungry people.
No. don'’t underestimate
what you do. sir.
I envy you.
By the time I get
to my customers.
they'’re usually dead.
At least you get a chance
to kill them.
[chuckles]
All that greasy food.
[both laugh]
Anyway. ahem...
if you have any information
that that could help.
please call that number.
I'’ll probably be in touch
anyway.
Good to meet you.
♪ He will walk into the room ♪
♪ And look at me ♪
[doorbell rings]
♪ And I'’ll melt away ♪
[Malcolm]
Donald?
Hey. Donald?
-What are you doing?
-Nothing.
Christ. Donald.
the doorbell'’s ringing.
They'’re here. and we haven'’t
talked about this.
I don'’t care if they buy
the restaurant.
I know. but there'’s money
involved.
They said- we were rich.
-We are.
Then I don'’t care.
I'’m going to make fondue.
Fine. Donald. fine.
But we'’re not talking
about this again.
Good.
And make chocolate.
not cheese.
-[blows]
-Thanks. Don.
-That was delicious.
-You'’re welcome.
Malcolm. this is crazy.
You'’re practically giving us
the restaurant...
[Malcolm] Listen. I know how
my dad felt about you two guys.
And me and Donald don'’t need it.
He left us a shitload.
Besides. I guess I'’m kind of
happy that they found the guy.
because now we can sell the
place and it can all be over.
Found the guy?
[Malcolm]
You didn'’t hear?
Yeah. some crazy homeless guy.
-[Mac] You'’re kidding?
-[table thumps]
Doesn'’t make him guilty just
because he'’s homeless. Malcolm.
Please. he was wearing
all of Dad'’s jewelry.
He'’s either a murderer
or Dad'’s boyfriend.
And besides.
he'’s not even homeless.
He lives in the back
of a garage.
Andy?
-You know him?
-Kind of.
Joe McLeary puts him up
sometimes.
[Malcolm] That'’s him.
Yeah. McLeary'’s Garage.
That lieutenant arrested him
the other day.
He says he just woke up
with all my Dad'’s jewelry on.
What a lunatic.
That'’s why I never give
those people money.
Malcolm. you don'’t have
to be this generous...
Mac. do you have the keys
or do I?
Because we really have to go.
[Malcolm]
Oh. that'’s okay.
I guess if I wanted the place
as much as you guys do.
my dad would'’ve died
a happier man.
Oh. Malcolm. thank you.
And remember.
the most important thing
is that we carry on his legacy.
You know.
keep his name alive.
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Do you remember
Back in old L.A.? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ When everybody drove
A Chevrolet? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Whatever happened
To the boy next door? ♪
♪ The suntanned. crew cut
All-American male? ♪
♪ Remember dancing
At the high school hop? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ The dress I ruined
With the soda pop? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I didn'’t recognize
The girl next door ♪
♪ With beat-up sneakers
And a ponytail ♪
♪ Beach baby. beach baby
Give me your hand ♪
♪ Give me something
That I can remember ♪
♪ Just like before
We could walk by the shore ♪
♪ In the moonlight ♪
♪ Beach baby. beach baby
There on the sand ♪
♪ From July to the end
Of September ♪
♪ Surfing is fun ♪
♪ We'’d be out in the sun
Every day ♪
Yeah. can I have a six-piece
little chicken McBeth.
A regular McBeth McBeth.
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ And I was everybody'’s friend ♪
♪ Long hot days ♪
♪ Doo-doo. doo-doo. doo-doo ♪
♪ Cool sea haze ♪
♪ Jukebox plays ♪
♪ But now it'’s fading away ♪
Drive through. please.
♪ Doo-doo. doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo. doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
[cash register dings]
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ We couldn'’t wait
For graduation day ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
♪ We took the car
And drove to San Jose ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ That'’s where you told me ♪
♪ That you'’d wear my ring ♪
♪ I guess you don'’t remember
Anything ♪
♪ Beach baby. beach baby
Give me your-- ♪
-[dings]
-Pick up. please.
Thanks for my thrill.
Have you been in town
this whole time. Lieutenant?
No. weeks ago I left.
I let them handle it.
It seemed cut-and-dry.
It isn'’t?
[McDuff]
Apparently not.
The DA'’s letting him go.
What about Norm'’s jewelry?
I'’m wearing it.
Just kidding.
It'’s all we had.
Believe it or not.
it'’s not enough
to hold him.
No witness.
No confession.
He'’s still a suspect.
but I think...
Is this some kind of dip?
Um. yes. it is.
It'’s for ice cream.
Would you like one. Lieutenant?
-I'’ll pay you for it.
-That'’s okay.
So you were saying
that you were thinking...?
[McDuff] I think we might be
going in a different direction.
which. may I say. you two
have done amazing things.
I hardly recognized the place.
Thanks.
Of course. when I saw it last.
there was a dead body
in the fryolater.
[laughs]
Lieutenant. Channel 5
is doing a story
on our drive-thru next week.
and we'’re going to have a party.
You should bring
your family.
-Might do that.
-[Kevin] Lieutenant?
Mr. McKane.
What do you say
we step outside
and you can show me exactly
what you'’re talking about.
You want to bring your son?
No. he'’s fine.
[car horn honking]
Now. if you'’re going to have
a kegger. just keep it quiet.
I know how you drama geeks
like to party.
You know. they'’re trying to make
gambling legal in Atlantic City.
All right! I got the deed
to the house in my pocket.
Shut up. Malcolm.
It'’s a disease.
Sammy lost. like. a whole year'’s
salary once in Vegas.
Sammy who?
Davis. Jr.
You'’re a freak. Donald.
Oh. yeah. it was--
It was definitely Malcolm.
and he was coming out of here
like a bat out of hell.
We were coming
from that direction. and...
"We"?
...going exactly
the legal limit.
-What?
-You said "we" just now.
When you called me.
you said you were alone.
No. I wasn'’t alone.
I was...
-I was giving somebody a lift.
-Who'’s that?
Oh. Jesus.
Lieutenant.
I-I love my wife.
I-I-I love her to death.
The devil'’s out to destroy me.
I don'’t know.
he'’s out to take me down.
I'’m so ashamed.
Just. I'’m so ashamed.
Well. take it easy.
I don'’t need to know.
It'’s not important.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
If you ever need a tan...
Hey!
Take it to my grave.
I guess that'’s
standard procedure.
Huh.
I mean. like a maniac.
F this and F that
about his poor father
who just wanted
the best for him.
God bless him.
Again. when you left.
they were still
in the middle of it?
And no one else was there?
No one.
Malcolm had just thrown out
that poor customer
and closed the place early.
something his father
never would have done.
How was your relationship
with Malcolm?
Fine. I mean. he was a rude.
selfish. evil young man.
But I never once judged him.
It'’s not my way.
Thanks.
You'’ve been helpful.
Oh. you'’re welcome.
Oh.
Thanks.
Mr. Bankoni.
Until 2:00 a.m.
Everybody was there.
Mac is really a great player.
but he wasn'’t feeling too well.
So you didn'’t play Yahtzee
with Malcolm that night?
No.
No. he-- He wouldn'’t
go out with us.
You seen Malcolm and his dad
quarrel?
Yeah. all the time.
You don'’t think Malcolm...?
I don'’t know.
Thanks. You'’ve been helpful too.
Oh.
Okay.
I'’m not going to hug you
afterwards. okay?
No offense. but I'’d be pleased
if you didn'’t.
I can'’t get over this place.
Did Mr. Duncan
have this much success?
Well. he did all right.
you know?
Primarily he knew the doughnuts.
though.
Yeah. I got you.
It looks like it cost
a fortune.
Well. Malcolm gave us
a damn good deal.
and the truck'’s used...
When did you think
of that drive-thru?
Thinking of getting
into the business. Lieutenant?
You know.
I'’m impressed.
Mr. Bankoni said...
you'’ve always had great ideas
with the place.
He said he wasn'’t surprised
at all by your success.
Is that what he said?
And this traveling
french fry truck...
-French fry truck. that right?
-Yeah. that'’s right.
You'’re going to give
the fries away. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
once they taste my fries...
-They need them. More. more.
-Yeah!
-That'’s right.
Get them hooked.
like kids on drugs.
It'’s wonderful.
I think he thinks
Malcolm did it.
-What?
-I don'’t know.
He asked a lot of questions
about him.
Oh. my God.
-It can'’t be true.
-No.
Of course not. but...
But he really hated
his father.
"Put the knife down. Malcolm.
Just put it down."
Yeah.
And then he put it down.
Hey. you want me to drop off the
van at the garage when I'’m done?
It'’s been running
kind of lousy.
Mac?
Oh. yeah.
That'’d be fine.
You and Mr. McB.
were out with the Bankoni party
that night?
Yes.
Yeah. I'’m an awful
Yahtzee player.
Oh. I'’m not going
to write that down.
Thank you.
Mac?
What?
How come you never told me
about the drive-thru idea?
What are you talking about?
You told me
all your other ideas.
We'’d be out drinking.
How come you never told me
about that one?
It just came to me.
I guess.
-When?
-What the fuck?
What are you. like.
Lieutenant McJunior. or what?
Do you have a big family?
Two wives and a boy.
-Oh.
-I mean. two boys and a wife.
Ah. Well. that other
would be convenient. I guess.
-Thanks.
-Pat.
Thank you. Mrs. Pat.
You'’re welcome. Lieutenant.
Good luck.
[exhales]
I'’m sorry.
[laughs]
I'’m just going nuts. you know.
with this party.
This whole party thing.
And. um...
I don'’t know why I didn'’t
tell you about the drive-thru.
I just kept that one
a secret.
Oh.
[woman. on TV]
Anthony!
[TV narrator] Anthony Martinetti
lived in Boston.
in the Italian North End.
the home of the Prince
Spaghetti Company.
It'’s just unbelievable.
He'’s obsessed with Malcolm.
[giggles]
And why shouldn'’t he be?
I mean. really.
He hated his father...
which is awful.
But you know what?
The knife incident.
I really think the knife
incident was the straw
that broke the camel'’s back.
Mac?
Banko'’s a problem.
Well. I think that'’ll be okay.
You know. it'’s Banko.
He'’s a problem.
-[piano being played]
-[rhythmic clapping]
[all]
♪ Day by day ♪
-♪ Day by day ♪
♪ Oh. dear Lord ♪
♪ We celebrate ♪
-[stops playing]
-♪ Day by... ♪
Nobody answered.
so I let myself in.
You sound terrific.
[maracas rattling]
You know. Donald.
I used to be a dancer.
[humming]
He left town.
He left town?
Just for a couple of weeks.
Unless his band does well
and they tour or something.
I'’ll probably just stay
at my neighbors'’
-till I finish high school.
-Mm-hmm.
Then Malcolm has to give me
my part of the money.
What money'’s that?
The inheritance.
Dad left us a shitload.
Sorry. that'’s what Malcolm says.
-Ladies and gentlemen...
-Guten abend.
Donald. I have to ask you
something.
and I want you to be honest.
I don'’t think that'’s
your business.
-What?
-I just think that'’s personal.
and I don'’t see
how that would have
anything to do with this.
I mean...
What were you going
to ask me?
How'’d your dad and brother
get along?
I was going to ask you.
Oh.
-[all singing]
-[piano being played]
♪ I'’m just a lonely
Rock and roller ♪
♪ Not the marrying type
I told her ♪
♪ Trouble seems
To follow me around ♪
♪ Another one-night stand ♪
♪ Partying down
With the boys in the band ♪
♪ Eight hours in the van
Till the next town ♪
[drumsticks clacking]
-[band plays up-tempo]
-♪ Take a number ♪
♪ And get in line ♪
♪ We got to rock. rock rock
And we'’re running behind ♪
♪ I got no time to waste
Small talking ♪
♪ Hop onboard. baby
Or you'’re gonna be walking ♪
♪ Ride. ride. ride ♪
♪ Down the Pennsylvania
Turnpike ♪
♪ Drive. drive. drive ♪
♪ All night ♪
[gunshots on TV]
He'’s gone?
Ed? Ed!
Uh. the lieutenant?
Uh. yeah.
He went to Atlantic City.
Oh.
Uh. it'’s in New Jersey.
[scoffs]
So you'’d say you had a strained
relationship with your dad?
No. Lieutenant.
I would not say that.
You would say that.
I would say I had a sucky
relationship with him.
But not sucky enough to stick
his head into a fryolater.
Oh. that'’s disgusting.
Sit down.
You had a sucky relationship
with your dad.
which looks like all Scotland
knew about.
And there was a shitload
of doughnut money
which went directly to you.
And your alibi. Malcolm.
stinks.
"Just driving around thinking."
is may be the worst alibi
I ever heard.
-It'’s true.
-It stinks.
The best thing about that alibi
is it'’s so bad
it might be partly true.
because you strike me
as smarter than that.
Which brings me to a point that
you should pay attention to.
I don'’t want you to be guilty.
So. Mr. Duncan. take a breath.
start again.
and let'’s have a conversation
that makes you not guilty.
Don'’t you think we should
talk about this?
About what?
You know what about. Mac.
You can'’t be stupid about this.
We'’ve got to be careful.
You think I'’m stupid?
What'’s wrong?
Why won'’t you talk to me?
Why can'’t you answer
the question?
Because that question
is stupid.
Well. there'’s nothing
to talk about.
I'’m just going to go hunting.
[McDuff] Is there anybody else
you can think of
who might have seen you
that night?
Actually. there was.
But it'’s dumb.
I was going about 90.
they were going about 100.
-Who'’s that?
-The McBeths.
What do you mean?
I saw them when I left
the restaurant that night.
But we didn'’t exactly discuss
my plans for the evening.
You said you left the restaurant
about 9:30.
-I did.
-Well...
the McBeth'’s were at a party
that went pretty late.
so that doesn'’t help me.
Oh. it doesn'’t help you.
Lieutenant?
-I'’m so sorry.
-Malcolm...
What? I saw them.
I don'’t see what difference it
makes. but it was them.
So I guess it was a lousy party.
because they sure were in
a hurry to get away from it.
I can'’t believe
I just drank that again.
Your water tastes like ass.
Mac?
I'’ll see you later.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Uh...
[stammers]
Hello?
Oh. hey. Lieutenant.
How are you doing?
Good. Ed. you have to get me
a couple of things.
-How'’s Atlantic City?
-It'’s good. Pay attention.
Did you get all stuffed
on jambalaya and corn bread?
Listen to me.
First. I need Bankoni'’s
phone number.
Banko? He was here tonight.
He-- He left you a note.
-Did he?
-Yeah.
Read it to me.
Well. it--
It'’s sealed. Lieutenant.
Unseal it. Ed.
Well...
I feel kind of funny
about it.
-Unseal it.
-Okay.
Hold on.
Ed?
Ed!
"Lieutenant. I think you are
wrong about Malcolm.
"There is something
you should know.
"I am glad you'’re not here.
"because it is easier
to write it then say it.
"Not everybody stayed
at my party
"the night Norm was murdered.
"The McBeths left early.
"I guess you should
call me things...
"have been kind of weird.
"I guess you should call me.
"Things have been
kind of weird.
Banko."
He has really excellent
penmanship. Lieutenant.
Call Banko.
Get him down to the station.
I'’ll be there
in about three hours.
Do you want me to cuff him?
-[gunshot]
-Nice shot. Mac.
And I know Pat cooks
a mean squirrel.
Fuck you.
I'’m going to go down
to the ridge.
Banko. grab some beers.
[man. over radio]
I must not toil in my troubles.
Listen to the hidden words
between the sentences
and repeat...
"Because I love.
I am love."
[man chants]
Okay. here you go. Pat.
Everything all set
for the big party?
-We'’re getting there.
-I'’ll tell you. Pat.
Suzie here still loves
the Whopper.
but you kids got me
with that Big McBeth.
I'’m gone.
-[laughs]
-Thanks. Frank.
So who'’s all that ointment for?
[chuckles]
That'’s sweet of you.
What?
Well. I-I saw you
staring at it.
I know it'’s not
a very pretty sight.
Thank you.
[door closes]
-Where'’s the phone?
-In the kitchen.
[McDuff]
Did you call McBeth'’s?
Because he works there.
Banko works there.
-Where?
-[McDuff] McBeth'’s.
I'’ll do it. Ed.
[dialing]
-He was here.
-[McDuff] Who?
Banko. He was looking
for Malcolm.
What are you doing back
so early?
Oh. this is Tommy.
-Hi.
Yeah. hello.
Banko? No. he'’s not here.
No. he'’s not in today.
He went hunting.
-He'’s hunting.
-Hunting?
Yeah. he should be in tomorrow.
No. Mr. McBeth went hunting
with him.
Hello?
Hello? Who are you looking for?
Richard. who is this?
[Robert. over phone]
Some guy looking for Banko.
[McDuff]
Pat? Hi. It'’s me. Lieutenant.
Hello. Lieutenant.
Richard. thank you.
-I'’ve got it.
-Robert.
-What?
My name is Robert.
-Whatever. I'’ve got it.
-Hello?
Thank you.
I'’m sorry. Lieutenant.
Is there something wrong?
I need to ask Mr. Bankoni
a question.
and I'’m told he'’s hunting.
Uh. yes. he is.
They. um...
they go hunting every year.
-You know where they hunt?
-No. I don'’t.
Oh!
You know.
I think I have a map
at my house.
Why do I always
have to be in the back?
What? Because you said
you liked it in the back.
-[Hector] When?
-[Jesse] Yesterday.
when we were fucked up and you
went out for pizza. come on.
[Hector]
No. I said I'’d be right back.
[Jesse]
Oh.
[door slams]
[McDuff] I thought I'’d get here
before you.
Oh. well. it sounded
so important.
I just dropped everything--
It is. It is.
Would you like
a cup of coffee?
-I can'’t stay.
-Oh. okay.
Sorry.
I-I think I saw the map. uh.
on the refrigerator.
And...
there it is.
Yeah.
-East Denmark?
-Yeah.
I think it'’s just north
of Atlantic City.
[man chanting over car radio]
[man. over radio]
Tomorrow is tomorrow.
Tomorrow is not today.
-Today is who I am.
-[yawns]
[phone rings]
Hello?
[Joey. on phone]
Pat. Joey McLeary.
-How'’s it going?
-Oh!
Oh. good. Joey. Fine.
How are you?
-How are the kids?
-Little fuckers. Pat.
Right. What can I do for you?
Are you missing something?
[Pat]
Oh. The van.
I promise tomorrow
I'’ll send someone over to...
[Joey]
Pat?
-What happened?
-He'’s drunk.
Oh.
Hey. Pat.
[Kevin]
Is something wrong with him?
Because if I didn'’t know better.
I'’d swear he was thinking
out there today.
I mean. I could see
those Banko brain cells moving.
Is he seeing that nurse?
She'’d make
my brain cells move.
-I doubt it.
-[scoffs]
-[Kevin] Should I wake him?
-[all] No.
Just let him rest.
We'’ll save him some if you don'’t
eat the whole fucking deer.
You know. last year
you ate everything
but the goddamned head.
I would love some head.
-Shut the fuck up. Jimmy.
-[laughs]
Shut up.
-What did I say?
-Nothing.
You animals
just sometimes forget
there'’s a fucking lady
in the room. that'’s all.
Here you go.
Dinner'’s served.
And this. Jimmy.
is a fork.
Okay. sure thing.
Oh. wait. you don'’t know
where Banko is. do you?
I'’m supposed to keep
calling him.
but he doesn'’t answer.
No idea. Ed. sorry.
What?
What. like seal it
in an envelope?
No.
No. Ed. you don'’t
have to seal it.
Just-- Just make sure
he gets the message.
Thank you.
That one'’s a piece of work.
What are you doing?
-I'’m saving your ass.
-What do you mean?
I mean saving your fucking ass.
Mac.
You got to talk to me.
McDuff is all over us.
Lower the tone in your voice
with me. please.
What about Malcolm?
I don'’t know.
but something happened.
McDuff is looking for Banko.
And guess what?
-He'’s passed out in our den.
-Does McDuff know that?
No. He is spending the night
in a motel in Jersey.
-How do you know that?
-Because Ed told me everything
but his fucking dick size.
that'’s how.
[phone rings]
Pick it up.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Oh. Joey. I'’m sorry.
Can you pick up the van
tomorrow?
Yeah.
Uh...
Tell him that...
Banko will pick it up
in the morning.
Tell him.
Yeah. Joey. Banko will get it
in the morning.
Okay. I'’ll tell him.
He said it'’s Saturday.
They'’re not open till 12:00.
-What are you doing?
-Do we have any Valium left?
-I said. do we have any Valium?
Yes. Why?
Mix it with some Alka-Seltzer.
If Banko wakes up.
give it to him.
I'’ll take care of the rest.
No. no. no.
Mac. no.
You have to talk to me.
You have to tell me
what you'’re doing.
-I don'’t know.
-You don'’t know?
I said I don'’t know!
It'’s a surprise.
I'’ll take care of it.
Get off my fucking back.
Yeah?
Shit!
[sighs]
[grunts]
Fuck!
[racks gun]
Whoa! Jesus.
Andy. it'’s me.
It'’s Mac.
-Mac?
-Yeah.
-Is that you?
-It'’s me.
Put the gun down.
Sorry.
I'’ve been a little
paranoid lately.
I'’ll bet.
What are you doing here?
Picking up the french fry truck.
At 2:00 a.m.
Yeah. Yeah.
So you'’re here now?
You'’re not...
In jail?
Not anymore.
They got nothing on me.
I'’ll tell you. Mac.
I didn'’t do it.
I woke up covered in jewelry.
Say. is that your gun. Andy?
Yes. sir.
Yeah. that'’s my baby.
-You want to hold her?
-No.
No. I'’m not into guns.
Say. you got a couple glasses
back there?
[both laugh]
That'’s the best offer
I had in months.
Come on in.
You'’re my savior.
-How'’s Pat?
-Oh. you know. she'’s good.
Fine.
[door closes]
Give me your shirt.
[man. over radio]
Letting go of my worthlessness
is the gateway to rapture.
Hey. you really tied one on
yesterday.
You were at our place.
I need you to pick up the truck.
I'’ll drop you on the way
to the restaurant.
-Right now? What time is it?
-It'’s 9:00.
But we got to haul ass.
[groans softly]
[Banko]
It'’s closed.
[Mac]
Um. yeah. I know.
He. uh. said he was going
to leave the keys for us.
Look and see
if they'’re in the truck.
I'’ll see if he left this open.
They'’re not in there.
Mac?
[gunshot]
[Ed]
I'’m telling you.
I called it 95 times.
Lieutenant.
I practically
got it memorized.
He'’s just not there.
Huh. Anybody call?
Uh-huh.
-For me?
-For you?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
Mrs. McBeth called.
She said she'’s sorry.
but she thinks she gave you
the wrong map. and...
-She said something else.
-Really?
What time she call?
Around three hours
after you left.
That'’s convenient.
Oh. that'’s it.
She said that she hoped
it wasn'’t too inconvenient.
-[feedback squeals]
-Hello? Hello?
Check.
-Check?
-[man] Hey. where does this go?
Just put the bitch
in the corner. guys.
-They'’re ready.
-Motherfucker!
Jesus.
Sorry. Richard.
We'’re a little tense...
Robert.
Robert. Sorry. Robert.
Thank you.
[applause]
[all applauding]
[Mac]
Thank you...
for coming here today.
[smatter of applause]
Does anybody have
any questions?
Mrs. McGuire?
I am so proud of you kids.
And. Pat. you look terrific.
Now don'’t tell me that fit
right off the rack.
Yes. it did. Garrison'’s.
[Mrs. McGuire]
You don'’t say?
Well. you look terrific.
Doesn'’t she. everybody?
-[Mrs. McGuire laughs]
-[crowd applauds]
Banko.
Why did you kill me?
[Mac]
What are you doing here?
Why did you kill me?
-[stammers]
-Maybe you should--
-You should go sit down.
-I didn'’t-- Who did this?
Maybe he should go sit down!
My husband is a little
overworked.
-Why did you kill me?
-[Mac] Stop!
You stop saying that!
My husband is very
overworked.
Actually. he'’s been working
very hard to-to-to-to--
To put this thing together.
and he has a condition
since he was a boy.
So why don'’t we all...?
[smatter of applause]
What the hell was that?
I call that a bad press
conference.
I just...
There. I got to go.
I got to go.
No. What?
No. you can'’t leave.
-You can'’t leave.
-I got to find them.
They'’ll tell me what'’s
gonna happen.
Who? Who? Mac!
Mac. please don'’t leave.
Mac!
[sighs]
Is everybody having
a nice time?
Donald. is that you?
-No.
-How are you?
-Lousy.
-How'’s your father?
-Dead.
-Oh!
[laughs]
[wind gusting]
[Joey] And that'’s it.
That'’s all I know.
-All right. Thanks.
-Sure.
There'’s the wife and kids.
If you'’ll excuse me.
Take it easy. Ed.
Oh. you too. Joey.
How'’s the kids doing?
Right.
Are you going to go
arrest them?
For what? Throwing a party?
There'’s nothing there.
Andy'’s gun killed Banko.
Now he'’s missing.
[children laughing]
[pounds on door]
Is everything okay. Pat?
We heard about Banko.
No. everything is not okay.
Frank.
But I need some more ointment
for my burn.
Your burn?
Oh. come on. don'’t start
that bullshit with me again.
Just give me the fucking
ointment. okay?
-I don'’t see a burn--
-I don'’t give a fuck
what you see or don'’t see.
Just get me the ointment.
all right?
And I don'’t want
one of those little...
baby shit-ass tubes.
I need a vat of it.
My fucking hand
is falling off!
Pat. are you on drugs?
I don'’t know. Frank.
Are you fucking
your assistant?
What are you looking at.
Nursie?
[crickets chirping]
[bottle clangs]
[Stacy chanting]
Tickets. please.
[vehicle approaching]
Mac?
[ball rattles]
[Pat]
And this is the den.
[Pat clears throat]
Ha! Did I show you
the den already?
-[door closes]
-[gasps]
Mac. you'’re home.
[Mac]
Hello. Lieutenant.
-Hello. Mac.
-What brings you here?
Wait. don'’t tell me.
You'’re...
gracing our humble home
with a vegetable dish
of some kind tonight.
a little tidbit.
Show us how the other half
lives.
Other half?
Did I say other half?
I mean...
Oh. fuck.
I'’m sorry.
You know what?
I'’m a little fucked up.
I meant...
better half.
That'’s what you think.
don'’t you?
Mac.
No. I don'’t think that.
No.
No. you don'’t think that.
It'’s them.
That'’d be mean.
And you don'’t think
mean thoughts.
No. not you.
Just us vicious carnivores
think mean thoughts. right?
Yeah.
You know. I'’m going to fix
myself a drink.
I could make you a martini.
because it has
a vegetable in it.
That would be a nice
nutritious treat for you.
-You talking about olives?
-Yeah.
That'’s a fruit.
and not that nutritious.
[laughs]
[snorts]
[Mac]
Well...
then I'’m not going to have one.
-[pouring drink]
-You know what?
I'’m not going to have one.
because I want to be just like
Big Daddy McDuff
and his little McDuff'’s.
And I'’m going to start
right now.
Eat healthy.
That'’s my motto.
In fact. I'’m going to start
this very moment...
with a little Jack and Tab.
I came by.
because I wasn'’t sure
if you'’d heard
about Mr. Bankoni'’s murder.
Why do you think
I'’m so drunk?
All right then.
I won'’t take up
any more time.
I wonder if you could...
both of you.
do me a favor
and come over to my office
tomorrow morning
about. I don'’t know. 8:30.
Tomorrow morning?
Yeah. If that'’s okay?
Just to talk.
It'’s no trouble at all.
Anything we can do to help.
Thanks.
Good night.
[door opens]
[door closes]
It'’s okay.
Everything'’s going to be
all right.
No. Mac. everything'’s not
Yeah. it is.
They told me that everything
is going to be okay.
Yeah. Don'’t worry.
You'’ll see.
Oh. I'’ll get that.
What?
[dial tone buzzing]
Hello? Hello?
Yeah. Mac speaking.
Oh. Hi.
Oh. is it serious?
Oh. well. I'’ll be right there.
-What?
-Yeah.
-I got to go.
-No.
Yeah. They forgot to tell me
something.
Who? No. you can'’t--
You can'’t leave. Mac.
Don'’t worry. Don'’t worry.
I am going to take care
of everything. Pat.
I'’m going to take care of you.
What?
[door closes]
♪ Well. I never been to Spain ♪
♪ But I kind of like
The music ♪
♪ Say the ladies
Are insane there ♪
♪ And they sure know... ♪
Good night. Lieutenant.
Good night.
Did you want me to shut off
the lights?
That would leave me
in the dark. Ed.
Oh. Okay.
[sizzling]
-I could eat a horse.
-I could eat a cow.
I could eat a pig.
[rattling]
What'’s going on?
We'’re brainstorming.
-Why?
-[Stacy] We just don'’t like
the detective calling you
into the station.
At that ungodly hour.
Clearly he'’s not going
to ask you questions.
♪ Feels so good ♪
♪ Oh. feels so good ♪
♪ Well. I never been to heaven ♪
♪ But I'’ve been to Oklahoma ♪
I'’ve got it. Mac should kill
McDuff'’s entire family.
That'’ll stop him.
Oh. that would work...
about a thousand years ago.
-[Hector] What does that mean?
-[Jesse] These are modern times.
You can'’t go around
killing everybody.
Hey. come on!
Can you?
[man. over intercom]
Hi.
Could I get a Big McBeth...
We'’re closed!
...and a large french fry...
I said. we'’re closed!
[in man'’s voice]
We have to go straight
to the source of the problem.
[man. over intercom]
Uh. you know what?
Can I change that?
I'’ll have the little
chicken McBeth'’s
with extra sauce.
You'’d better come inside.
The drive-thru'’s closed
for the evening.
♪ Well. I never been to Spain ♪
♪ But I kind of like
The music ♪
-[Ed] How'’s Pat--?
-[Mac] Good.
Lieutenant working tonight?
-McDuff?
-Yeah.
Yeah. I just left him.
He was...
-Like working with him?
-The lieutenant?
-Yeah.
-Oh. yeah. he'’s really nice.
I kind of wish he would
always be around.
Even though he'’s a little...
pushy?
You know. he'’s always
pushing people around.
Uh. well...
You see the way he drives around
in that little German car?
Always avoiding meat.
Well. you know...
He sent you down here.
didn'’t he?
-The lieutenant?
-Yeah.
No. I was...
Could I try
a different sauce?
I like a variety.
♪ In Oklahoma ♪
♪ Not Arizona ♪
♪ What does it matter? ♪
[Ed]
It'’s a surprise. Lieutenant.
You should just
come down here.
I think you'’ll be pretty...
-Happy!
-...happy.
-Yes.
-I think you'’ll be pretty happy.
I don'’t have time
to be happy. Ed.
[mouthing]
[hangs up]
Ed?
Jesus Christ.
You hungry. Lieutenant?
Let me get this straight.
You got me here to kill me?
Norm wasn'’t enough?
Norm was an accident.
Accidentally he got tied up
and fell in a fryolater?
You know. it'’s kind of hard
to explain.
You sort of had to be there.
Maybe Pat can explain.
Is she somewhere too?
Is she hiding?
Pat had nothing
to do with it.
She loved Norm.
She love Banko too?
Your good friend?
How about Andy.
the homeless guy?
We can'’t track him down.
Any idea where he is?
So I'’m next.
But after that?
Looks like you'’ll have
to kill Malcolm.
All right. that'’s enough.
Then Donald.
because Donald'’s coming
after you.
I hate to break it to you.
Lieutenant.
but this is not an episode
of Columbo. all right?
I'’m not going to break down.
hand you the gun
and get waltzed out of here
between good-looking cops
with my head bowed down.
[gun clicks empty]
You think I'’d let Ed
put bullets in his gun?
The thing is. Ed knows
there'’s no bullets in his gun.
[gun firing empty]
Maybe he'’s smarter
than I thought.
[yawns]
♪ Well. I never been to heaven ♪
♪ But I'’ve been to Oklahoma ♪
♪ Well. they tell me
I was born there ♪
♪ But I really don'’t remember ♪
[both grunting]
♪ In Oklahoma ♪
♪ Not Arizona ♪
[yelps and shrieks]
♪ What does it matter? ♪
Ha!
[all]
Ew.
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[croaks weakly]
[laughs]
[sighs]
♪ I'’m gonna take
A freight train ♪
♪ Down at the station. Lord ♪
♪ I don'’t care where it goes ♪
♪ Gonna climb a mountain ♪
♪ The highest mountain ♪
♪ I'’ll jump off
Nobody gonna know ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Whoa. can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman. Lord ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman
She been doing to me? ♪
♪ I'’m gonna find me ♪
♪ A hole in the wall ♪
♪ I'’m gonna crawl inside
And die ♪
♪ '’Cause my lady. now ♪
♪ A mean old woman. Lord ♪
♪ Never told me goodbye ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Oh. can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman. Lord ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman. Lord ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ I'’m gonna buy a ticket now ♪
♪ As far as I can ♪
♪ Ain'’t a-never coming back ♪
♪ Ride me a southbound ♪
♪ All the way to Georgia. now ♪
♪ Till the train
It run out of track ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Oh. can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman. Lord ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Whoa. can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman. Lord ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Whoa. can'’t you see ♪
♪ What that woman ♪
♪ She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Can'’t you see ♪
♪ Whoa. she such a crazy lady ♪
♪ What that woman ♪
♪ What that woman
She been doing to me? ♪
♪ Take a number
And get in line ♪
♪ We got to rock. rock. rock
And we'’re running behind ♪
♪ I got no time to waste
Small talking ♪
♪ Up onboard. baby
Or you'’re gonna be walking ♪
♪ Ride. ride. ride ♪
♪ Down the Pennsylvania
Turnpike ♪
♪ Drive. drive. drive ♪
♪ All night ♪
♪ Fly. fly. fly ♪
♪ Down the Pennsylvania
Turnpike ♪
♪ We'’ll take you any place ♪
♪ You want to go tonight ♪
♪ We wail in Scottsdale ♪
♪ We knock them down
In Uniontown ♪
♪ We wreck them up
In Bethlehem ♪
♪ And jump all over them
In Jonestown ♪
♪ Bedford. Summerhill
Greenville ♪
♪ Ride. ride. ride ♪
♪ Down the Pennsylvania
Turnpike ♪
♪ Drive. drive. drive ♪
♪ All night ♪